Clean up the README, move some scene-setting stuff into ADRs. (#248)
mozilla/uniffi-rs: docs/adr/README.md

# Architectural Decision Records

> 

Reviewer: TIL about ADRs, 💯

This directory contains a series of [Architectural Decision Records](https://adr.github.io/)
or "ADRs" for the `uniffi` project. We're going to try to use it as a kind of collective
memory of the decisions we've made and the path we've taken to get the project to its current
point.

Note that these are *historical references* that do not supersede (but might enhance) the living

> documenttion of the project itself, which you can find inline in the source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation of the project itself, which you can find inline in the source code.
```

> Proposing a non-trivil change to the way `uniffi` works? You migt like to start with an ADR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposing a non-trivial change to the way `uniffi` works? You might like to start with an ADR
```
